Update Readme for the Summary CSV report (#34)
appknox/appknox-go: README.md

| `owasp <owasp_id>` | Get OWASP detail |
| `upload <path_to_app_package>` | Upload app file from given path and get the file_id |
| `cicheck <file_id>` | Check for vulnerabilities based on risk threshold. |

> | `reports create <file_id>` | Create report for the app file |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `reports create <file_id>` | Create report for the given file ID and print the new report ID |
```

> | `reports download summary-csv <report_id>` | Download Summary CSV report for the given report of the file |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `reports download summary-csv <report_id>` | Download Summary CSV report for the given report  ID |
```
